mentioning Personal Access Tokens for Azure setup (#2987)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/git/setup-azure.md

Once connected, dbt Cloud displays the email address of the service user so you know which user's permissions are enabling headless actions in deployment environments. To change which account is connected, disconnect the profile in dbt Cloud, sign into the alternative Azure DevOps service account, and re-link the account in dbt Cloud.

:::info Personal Access Tokens (PATs)

> Full-scoped PATs are created within dbt Cloud for short access by the service user to hit APIs around dbt Cloud project setup. They are valid for only 5 minutes and are revoked after a call to the API has been made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Cloud generates temporary access tokens called Full-scoped PATs for service users to access APIs related to their dbt Cloud project. These tokens are only valid for a short period of 5 minutes and become invalid after they are used to make an API call.
:::
```

Author: Hey Mirna, this is more of an FYI that in the background these PAT tokens will be created automatically, not that a person can if they would like to.

Reviewer: ah yes of course, i totally misread that! ok I've reworded it - does that look right?

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The Azure DevOps Administrator in Azure AD may restrict users from creating full-scoped PATs. Enabling this policy means new PATs must be limited to a specific custom defined set of scopes. By default, this policy is set to off. If they do enable this, your project will throw an error. If using finer-scoped permissions, you will lose access to some features, like webhooks for CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure DevOps Administrator can limit the creation of full-scoped PATs by enabling a policy that restricts users to a custom-defined set of scopes. By default, this policy is set to **off**, but enabling it will cause the project to display an error. If you use finer-scoped permissions, some features such as webhooks for CI may be lost.
```

> If you do want to restrict full-scoped PATs as part of your security policy, add the dbt Cloud service user to the allow list to exclude that particular user from the global PAT policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict full-scoped PATs, add the dbt Cloud service user to the allow list to exclude that user from the global PAT policy as part of your security policy.
```

> The Azure DevOps Administrator can limit the creation of full-scoped PATs by enabling a policy that restricts users to a custom-defined set of scopes. By default, this policy is set to **off**, but enabling it will cause project setup to fail with an error. After disabling this policy and successfully setting up your project, if you wish to use finer-scoped permissions, some features such as webhooks for CI may be lost, so we recommend the service user has full-scoped PATs. Add the dbt Cloud service user to the allow list to exclude that user from the global PAT policy as part of your security policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure DevOps Administrator can limit the creation of full-scoped PATs by enabling a policy that restricts users to a custom-defined set of scopes. By default, this policy is set to **off**, but enabling it will cause project setup to fail with an error. After disabling this policy and successfully setting up your project, if you wish to use finer-scoped permissions, some features such as webhooks for CI may be lost, so we recommend the service user has full-scoped PATs.  To exclude the dbt Cloud service user from the global PAT policy, add them to the allow list as part of your security policy.
```
